Dawn is an internationally renowned talented painter
I heard
Mr. Li's office has been hanging his paintings
You can see how much he likes dawn
Yes, Dawn's paintings are valuable and nothing
The ones hanging in President Li's office are all early dawn
works
At auction today is the constellation of dawn
You will love it
Um, what's wrong, Yaoyao?
I think I saw you do it. How is that possible?
The scene of this kind of auction
Not everyone can enter
Yes, my friend, you must have read it wrong.
Let's go in quickly. Let's go
Mom, Dad, Brother Gao, you see, it's really my sister.
Brother, where did you and third brother go?
They'll be starting soon.
The dress my sister is wearing
I think I saw it in a magazine.
The bed is the style of the second one.
But the clothes of the second family cost millions each.
Where did this damn girl get the money?
Must be counterfeit
Eight kinds of faces are fat
Really lost